      ________________ 
     /_______________/
    /(  ______  ____/
   / \ (     / /   /
  /   \ \   / /   /
 /_____) ) / /   /
/_______/_/_/___/ (R)
===============================================================================
  STMicroelectronics
  STMicroelectronics Trusted Platform Module (TPM) Device Driver Installer
  Release Letter
  Copyright (c) 2009 STMicroelectronics. All Rights Reserved.
===============================================================================

STMicroelectronics (TPM) Device Driver Installer

Package Version: 1.0.4.15
Date:	June 2009

Please read carefully the included End User License Agreement in the file 
EULA_Driver.rtf.


Package Contents
================
This package contains the files required to install the TPM Device Driver on 
systems with an on-board STMicroelectronics TPM device.

* MSI installation package:
   Install_Drv_1.0.4.15_32bits_Certif(XP_2000)-full_multilanguages.msi
* This Release Letter:
   ReadMe.rtf
* TPM End User License Agreement:
   EULA driver.rtf

Description
============
This package provides the STMicroelectronics TPM driver for Microsoft(R)
Windows(R) XP and Microsoft Windows 2000.
The driver implements the interface as defined in the TCG Software Stack (TSS) Specification Version 1.2.

Requirements
============
* Operating System:
    - Microsoft Windows XP (32 bit).
    - Microsoft Windows 2000.
    
* Hardware:
    - STMicroelectronics TPM device.


----------------------------------
Microsoft and Windows are trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the United States, other countries, or both.
Other company, product, and service names may be trademarks or service marks of others.
